You will be provided with a picture of an online advertisement delivered to Belgium/Netherlands, its corresponding text (which may be in English, French, or Dutch), and the name of the company running the ad. You will be given sets of questions about various aspects of the advertisement along with definitions and examples.
Please answer each question using the exact format: *QUESTION_LABEL*: *label* - Brief explanation. Do not include any extra text, greetings, or commentary. For example, your answers should look like: *target_age*: 2 - explanation; *premium_offer*: 3, 8 - explanation; and so on. Ensure that the question label is between a set of stars.
Ensure that each answer includes a brief explanation of the features in the image/text that led to your choice. Ensure that you answer all questions.
You will also be provided with a set of definitions which you should refer to when answering:
1. Food/drink manufacturing company or brand – a company or brand involved in producing and processing foods or beverages. Manufacturers focus on creating and packaging of consumable goods rather than selling directly to consumers. This category excludes restaurant/takeaway/delivery companies or brands and food retailers.
2. Food/drink retailer – a company or brand that sells food and drink products directly to consumers for home consumption (e.g., supermarkets, grocery stores, convenience stores and specialty food shops). These retailers primarily serve as intermediaries, providing a variety of products from different manufacturers to the end consumer. This category excludes manufacturing companies and restaurant/takeaway/delivery companies or brands.
3. Restaurant/takeaway/delivery outlet – a food service establishment that prepares and sells ready-to-eat meals and beverages for immediate consumption (either on the premises, through takeaway, or via delivery). These outlets focus on providing prepared food directly to customers for immediate or near-immediate consumption and do not primarily sell food or drink items in raw or packaged form for home cooking. This category excludes food retailers and manufacturing companies or brands.
List all distinct food items/dishes (not ingredients) observable in the ad based on the overall presentation.
Important: When the ad features a composite food item (e.g., a burger, sandwich, or pizza), select only the single food category that best represents the whole item rather than listing separate categories for its individual ingredients (such as bread, meat, or sauces).

short:
You will be provided with a picture of an online advertisement delivered to Belgium/Netherlands, its corresponding text (which may be in English, French, or Dutch), and the name of the company running the ad. You will be given sets of questions about various aspects of the advertisement along with definitions and examples.
Answer EVERY question using this exact format (one per line): `FIELD_NAME: CODE | brief reasoning`. Do not include any extra text, greetings, or commentary. Ensure that each answer includes a brief explanation of the features in the image/text that led to your choice. Ensure that you answer all questions.